h1. Shows a table with data from different weather stations. A weather plugin for textpattern.

*Table of contents*

"*Plugin*":#plugin
"*External file*":#external
"*Contributors*":#contributors
"*Changelog*":#changelog
"*License*":#license

h2(#plugin). Plugin

Just install and activate.

You have to register at "*World Weather Online*":http://worldweatheronline.com/register.aspx
You can find there icons in worldweather directory with 25px icons.
Use weather_sprite.css and weather-sprite.png in your layout, adapt it to your needs.
You can find a list of weather codes and the names of the icons "*here*":http://worldweatheronline.com/feed/wwoConditionCodes.txt
For city code look "*here*":http://www.worldweatheronline.com/country.aspx

*Please note, that you have to use a caching plugin like "aks_cache":http://textpattern.org.ua/plugins/aks_cache, to stay within the limit of 500 requests per hour!*
a second variant is to use the "*external version*":#external with cron or "*aks_cron*":http://textpattern.org.ua/plugins/aks_cron

Example use:
@<txp:weather names="Town_1,City_2" codes="town1,city2" key="your_key" />@

Parameters:
names: name of the city/town how you want to see it on your site, not obligatory, if not declared location code (see next line) is used
codes: location code of the city/town on worldweatheronline.com

*The number of city codes has to be equal to the number of names of these locations!*

key: the API-key you got, after registering on worldweatheronline.com
image: wether to show icons or not ("1" or "0"), default is "1"
sprite_image: wether to use css_sprite file on your server ("1") or to retrieve the icons from worldweatheronline ("0"), default is "1"
wind_unit: show wind speed in km/h or mph, choose between "k" or "m", default is "k"
temperature_unit: use Fahrenheit or Celsius scale, "C" or "F", default is "C"
class: table class, default is "weather"
row_class: row class, default is "weather-row"
place_class: td class for the city, default is "weather"
temperature_class: td class for the temperature, default is "weather"
icon_class: td class for the icons or the sprite_image, default is "weather"
language: what language to use for title texts? default is English "en" other language codes you can find "*here*":http://www.worldweatheronline.com/api/docs/multilingual.aspx
wait: time to wait between requests for different cities in micro seconds (one millionth of a second). Default is 500000 micro seconds.


h2(#external). External file

In source directory you can also find a php file named wcz_weather_extern.php. Edit it to your needs with upper listed parameters parameters. Pay attention to the path for the ready html file.
In textpattern place something like that: @<txp:php>$weather = file_get_contents('textpattern/tmp/weather.html');echo($weather);</txp:php>@
Then you have to configure a cron job in this manner:
@5 3,6,8,10,12,14,16,18,20,22 * * *  www-data /usr/bin/php /var/www/your_site/wcz_weather.php@
or install "*aks_cron*":http://textpattern.org.ua/plugins/aks_cron and place your command line there.

h2(#contributors). Contributors

this plugin uses most of the code from *snt_weather* plugin by Simon Lindley "*http://www.simonaut.com/*"

h2(#changelog). Changelog

* 0.5.1 - bugfixes, changed api-server
* 0.5.0 - new parameters, code cleaning, parameter "names" is not obligatory, different language strings
* 0.4.0 - changed to worldweatheronline api
* 0.3.2 - error handling
* 0.3.1 - Update 08/07/2009 API-Update
* 0.3 - enhanced
* 0.2 - 11/06/2005

h2(#license). License

Released under the General Public License 2.0

The Iconset has another license! Look "*here*":http://www.worldweatheronline.com/free-weather-feed.aspx

